Copy over content from old wiki (#4)
LethalCompany/ModdingWiki: docs/user-guide/modding/initial-setup.md

# Initial Setup

## Setting up your development environment

> Before you can start modding, you'll need some tools to actually create mods. Luckily, all of these are **available for free**. There exist some paid options we will cover, but those are primarily aimed at existing developers who already have licenses for these tools. This guide is roughly based on some parts of the [BepInEx setup guide](https://docs.bepinex.dev/articles/dev_guide/plugin_tutorial/1_setup.html), and you can also follow that one if it's clearer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can start modding, you'll need some tools to actually create mods. Luckily, all of these are **available for free**. 

>! This guide is roughly based on some parts of the [BepInEx setup guide](https://docs.bepinex.dev/articles/dev_guide/plugin_tutorial/1_setup.html), which is another great resource for learning how to mod
```

this forewarning about paid options seems unnecessary to me - I think it's fine to mention rider below 

I would also add a linebreak and format the bepinex setup guide so it pops out a bit more

### .Net SDK
An SDK (=Software Development Kit) is a system that allows you to turn your code into something that your PC can run. It is used by other tools, and you'll generally not interact with it directly.

> You'll want to download and install the latest recommended version from [this](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) page. It'll look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll want to download and install the latest recommended version from [this page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download). It'll look something like this:

```

make link slightly easier to click & add linebreak above image

You'll first want to install BepInEx to your game. Follow their great [installation guide](https://docs.bepinex.dev/articles/user_guide/installation/index.html) to get this done. You'll want [this](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases/download/v5.4.22/BepInEx_x64_5.4.22.0.zip) version of BepInEx.

Once installation is complete, boot up the game once to have it generate some configuration files. Then, refresh the folder you just installed BepInEx into, and go into the `BepInEx/config` folder. Here, you'll find a file named `BepInEx.cfg`. Open it, and find and edit the following section:

```ini
[Logging.Console]

## Enables showing a console for log output.
# Setting type: Boolean
# Default value: false
Enabled = false
```

to

```ini
[Logging.Console]

## Enables showing a console for log output.
# Setting type: Boolean
# Default value: false
Enabled = true
```

> ### Decompiler (optional)

Reviewer: built-in decompilers are for sure worlds better for when you need something quickly (and I definitely like rider's better than VS)

as far as I know VS doesn't let you mass search through decompiled assemblies though, which is pretty necessary to my workflow when i'm trying to figure out what classes do what

either way I'm happy with the new header, it's definitely not technically required
